1.Write a Python function to reverse a string.
2.Implement a function to check if a string is a palindrome.
3.Write a Python function to find the factorial of a number.
4.Implement a function to check if a number is prime.
5.Write a Python function to find the nth Fibonacci number.
6.Implement a function to check if a list is sorted in ascending order.
7.Write a Python function to count the occurrences of a specific element in a list.
8.Implement a function to remove duplicates from a list.
9.Write a Python function to check if two strings are anagrams of each other.
10.Implement a function to find the largest element in a list.
11.Write a Python function to find the median of a list of numbers.
12.Implement a function to merge two sorted lists into a single sorted list.
13.Write a Python function to perform binary search on a sorted list.
14.Implement a function to find the mode of a list of numbers.
15.Write a Python function to find the GCD (Greatest Common Divisor) of two numbers.
16.Implement a function to find the LCM (Least Common Multiple) of two numbers.
17.Write a Python function to calculate the sum of digits in a number.
18.Implement a function to check if a number is Armstrong number.
19.Write a Python function to check if a given year is a leap year.
20.Implement a function to calculate the square root of a number using Newton's method.
21.Write a Python function to find the number of vowels and consonants in a string.
22.Implement a function to generate all permutations of a string.
23.Write a Python function to find the longest common prefix among an array of strings.
24.Implement a function to check if a given string is a valid parentheses sequence.
25.Write a Python function to generate the next palindrome after a given number.
26.Implement a function to convert a decimal number to binary.
27.Write a Python function to find the largest palindrome made from the product of two n-digit numbers.
28.Implement a function to find the longest increasing subsequence in an array.
29.Write a Python function to check if a given string is a valid palindrome or a valid palindrome     after removing at most one character.
30.Implement a function to find the number of islands in a 2D matrix.
31.Write a Python function to find the maximum sum subarray in a given array.
32.Implement a function to find the minimum number of coins needed to make change for a given amount.
33.Write a Python function to find all possible subsets of a set.
34.Implement a function to find the missing number in a given integer array of 1 to n.
35.Write a Python function to find the longest palindromic substring in a given string.
36.Implement a function to check if a given graph is bipartite.
37.Write a Python function to find the top k frequent elements in a given array.
38.Implement a function to find the kth smallest element in a binary search tree.
39.Write a Python function to implement a basic calculator to evaluate a simple expression string.
40.Implement a function to find the shortest path in a maze using BFS.
41.Write a Python function to implement a trie (prefix tree) data structure.
42.Implement a function to merge k sorted arrays.
43.Write a Python function to find the maximum product of two integers in an array.
44.Implement a function to generate all possible valid IP addresses from a given string.
45.Write a Python function to sort a stack using another temporary stack.
46.Implement a function to find the celebrity in a party using stack.
47.Write a Python function to implement binary search on rotated sorted array.
48.Implement a function to reverse words in a given sentence without using any library method.
49.Write a Python function to check if a given sudoku board is valid.
50.Implement a function to serialize and deserialize a binary tree.
51.Write a Python function to find all possible combinations of k numbers from a given n numbers.
52.Implement a function to find the largest rectangle in a histogram.
53.Write a Python function to implement counting sort algorithm.
54.Implement a function to find the longest word in a dictionary that can be formed by deleting some characters of the given string.
55.Write a Python function to find all valid permutations of parentheses for a given number n.
56.Implement a function to find the minimum number of flights to visit all airports in a given list of flights.
57.Write a Python function to implement the Sieve of Eratosthenes algorithm to find all prime numbers up to a given number n.
58.Implement a function to find the shortest path in a weighted graph using Dijkstra's algorithm.
59.Write a Python function to implement the Kadane's algorithm to find the maximum sum subarray in a given array.
60.Implement a function to sort a linked list using merge sort algorithm.
61.Write a Python function to implement the Longest Common Subsequence (LCS) algorithm.
62.Implement a function to find the minimum number of swaps required to sort an array.
63.Write a Python function to implement the Floyd-Warshall algorithm to find all pair shortest paths in a weighted graph.
64.Implement a function to find the maximum sum of subarray with at least k elements in an array.
65.Write a Python function to find the maximum size square sub-matrix with all 1s in a binary matrix.
66.Implement a function to find